Document replacing credentials in a basic auth setup (#8491)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/security/access-control-lists.md

Installations that have more than one user / credentials will require to run a command and choose which set of user + credentials to migrate 
(more details [here](#migration-of-existing-user))

> ### Replacing credentials

Reviewer: Credentials Replacement

> To replace the credentials of the (single) user in a lakefs installation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In non-ACL setup (single user) to replace the credentials in a lakefs installation:
```

> In non-ACL setup (single user), replacing credentials can be done as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a single user setup, replacing credentials can be done as follows:
```

1. Delete the existing user:
    ```shell
    lakectl auth users delete --id <user-id>
    ```
2. Shut down the lakeFS server - Required for invalidating the old credentials on the server
3. Create a new user, with the same name and new credentials:
    ```shell
    lakefs superuser --user-name <user-id>
    ```
    This will generate a new set of credentials, and will print it out to the screen:
    ```
    credentials:
      access_key_id: *** (omitted)
      secret_access_key: *** (omitted)
    ```
4. Re-run lakeFS server

{: .note .warning}

> > Calling the `superuser` command with `--access-key-id` and without `--secret-access-key` will make lakefs try to 
> > import an existing user (see [Migration of existing user](#migration-of-existing-user)).
> > In case you already deleted the user by following step (1), this import operation will **fail** and result in an 
> > **unrecoverable** state, and a clean installation is the only way out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Calling the `superuser` command with pre-defined `--access-key-id` and `--secret-access-key` is possible but should be done with caution. Make sure that `--secret-access-key` is **not empty**, It's suitable for ACL's
> import an existing user (see [Migration of existing user](#migration-of-existing-user)).
> In case you already deleted the user by following step (1), this import operation will **fail** and result in an 
> **unrecoverable** state, and a clean installation is the only way out.
```

> 

> > In general, replacing credentials is a risky operation. Proceed with caution.

Reviewer 2: Not sure what is the value of this sentence, I would remove it (up to you)

> > **unrecoverable** state, from which a clean installation is the only way out.

Reviewer 3: This is not good. You should at least provide a way to reset the super user here..

Reviewer 2: @ion-elgreco thanks for the feedback (!!) 
You are right that it's not good, this specific scenario is an edge case that is not supported for OSS without ACL. 
We created an [issue](https://github.com/treeverse/lakeFS/issues/8490) to add programatic protection against this.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I added a response to the issue last night, for a possible quick solution
